A town is a gathering of folk. A man is a gathering of bodyworms. You are a town. You are a bodyworm.
There is more aching in birth than in death.
It aches to be born. It aches to grow. It aches to choose. There is no ache in death.
You kill bodyworms within you. But you are Earth's bodyworm. What shall she do with you?
I am the warm bloodway binding you to other folk. I am the taut string of hatred betwixt you. I am the bond.
The blight is the salve.
Life stands only as a struggle. I am not death. I am life.
Sundering. Greenhouse. Lockup. Weakness. Feebleness. Is this the doom you foresee for this town?
Kill me. Burn me. Unwrite me. Shield the weak. The feeble. The worthless. The thankless ones.
Do not fear death. Life begins after it.
I am fire. I am hearth. Do you feel your forehead warming?
Your hands shake. Let me help. I can help.
That spinning is newthought growing in your head.
They listen without believing. Want to shun, break forever. They don't hear Earth.
Who kills the sickness for the sake of the weak, kills Earth.
Menfolk might merry-make, but will they truly live?
Men love a world of men. But life is more than men. Life is manifold, overflowing. Flowing from body to body. You call this work 'illness'.
Is cleaving a selfsame body in twain not kindly?
An open wound is a window into the world. A shout is an arm reaching out from a gaping mouth.
Is it true that that which is sick is always ugly? This is man's wrong.
Men fear aching, and ill wish sickness. They break from each other, lock themselves in bedrooms and cleavings. For they are weak and fearful.
It hurts men to outgrow their swaddling-cloth. It aches to shed old hides. When it runs at the seams, it aches. If you are too weak to bear it, you die.
You're all yourselves. I can bind you. Let you come within one another's souls. One-from-many.
No, no... I detest trickery. But if we ourselves are to be deceived, our hands are tied. Where are we?
It is not so dangerous to do wrong to most men as to do them too much good.
We fear everything, old boy, as mortals do, and desire everything as if we were immortal.
Neither the sun nor death can be looked at without winking.
We promise according to our hopes. We perform according to our fears.
Truth does not do as much good in the world as the appearance of truth does evil.
If the rulers won't cease their clamoring, a real catastrophe will happen here.
Sow an act, and you reap a habit. Sow a habit, and you reap a character. Sow a character, and you reap your destiny.
Time is slipping through our fingers. We must act now.
If you look closely enough, any arc is made of a series of straight lines...
The soul's mechanics mirror the body's.
I'm no positivist. There are things in this world beyond our mundane perception.
If you bend your mind toward a challenge, the skill will follow in your hands.
We're all strong enough to support one another's misfortunes.
We find very few ungrateful people when we are able to confer favours.
It is sometimes necessary to play the fool to avoid being deceived by cunning men.
When we do not find peace of mind in ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere.
A man would rather say evil of himself than say nothing.
Our disillusionment is often a delight to both friends and enemies.
There is great ability in knowing how to conceal one's ability.
Only knowing our fortune in advance could we predict our conduct.
Even the wisest of men may be so indifferent in ordinary matters, but they are seldom so in their most serious affairs.
You think escaping your fate is just as simple as escaping your purpose. Not so. You will see for yourself.
The house-fathers think they rule the world. Self-isolation breeds self-delusion.
A wrong place invites a fatal turn of events.
The Town is undergoing a vicious transformation. Its internals have changed already, giving birth to a plethora of juvenile lifeforms.
She had made an example of murderers and madmen. That was merely an overture. The game itself has yet to begin.
The fence is as guilty as the thief.
We're not puppets. A puppet is of value, at least, to the puppeteer.
To climb out of the pot, you'll have to burn your hands.
White birds are killed, yet black cats are beloved.
Whichever finger bleeds, the whole hand aches.
